hi everyone today's recipe is going to
need California roll
I think everyone knows what California
roll is it's a sushi roll with avocado
and crabmeat and it's very tasty and
delicious and some people say that I
will have a taste like tuna if you eat
with soy sauce and yeah I hope you like
it and then one special tool you need
for this recipe is the bamboo sushi roll
and it looks something like this and
it's a little wild Asian grocery store
so I hope you can find one before you
start making sushi rolls because it's
much easier to make sushi rolls with
this tool so I hope you enjoy today I'm
going to make four California rolls
which is about 24 pieces I'm inside this
Andre you see them that's where I go
through
I'm going to make 1.5 cups of sushi rice
you need 2 tbsp of rice vinegar 2 TSP of
sugar and 2/3 tsp of salt microwave for
a few seconds to mix well this mean
make sure your rice is just cooked and
very hot add the vinegar mixture into
the rice and slice through the rice
using the rice paddle and cool down the
rice meanwhile prepare the crab meat
he'll have okay go and cut it into eight
strips come
let's call me I mean a little lighting
Sunda since my poor heart cut extra
bumps to make it easy to roll cover the
bamboo sushi roll mat with the plastic
wrap so that the rice won't stick on to
the bamboo sushi roll might divide the
rice into four
cut bloody seaweed into half place it on
the bamboo sushi roll map make sure you
wet your hands with water and spread the
sushi rice on nori sheet using your
fingertips sprinkle the sesame seeds
over the sushi rice
and then turn it over place crabmeat and
avocado lengthwise hold the line of
ingredients firmly with your fingers
stop and leave about 1/3 inch of sushi
rice and then roll it completely and
then gently press the mat around the
roll and shape it with a moist implied
cut the roll into six pieces make sure
you wet the knife when the rice starts
to stick onto your knife
don't push and pull two cuts and put
them on the plate turn with soy sauce
and wasabi if you like makes potions in
thanks for watching I hope you enjoy